# Stroop (1935)
This program serves as an effective testing apparatus for reproduction of Stroop (1935). It follows all the guidelines originally delineated in [the study](http://psychclassics.yorku.ca/Stroop/) (emphasis ours):

> The colors used on the Woodworth Wells color-sheet were considered but two changes were deemed advisable. As the word test to be used in comparison with the [p. 648] color test was to be printed in black it seemed well to substitute another color for black as an interfering stimulus. Also, because of the difficulty of printing words in yellow that would approximate the stimulus intensity of the other colors used, **yellow was discarded.** After consulting with Dr. Peterson, **black and yellow were replaced by brown and purple.** Hence, **the colors used were red, blue, green, brown, and purple.**
> The colors were arranged so as to avoid any regularity of occurrence and so that each color would appear twice in each column and in each row, and that no color would immediately succeed itself in either column or row. The words were also arranged so that the name of each color would appear twice in each line. No word was printed in the color it named but an equal number of times in each of the other four colors; i.e. the word 'red' was printed in blue, green, brown, and purple inks; the word 'blue' was printed in red, green, brown, and purple inks; the word 'blue' was printed in red, green, brown, and purple inks; etc. No word immediately succeeded itself in either column or row. The test was printed from fourteen point Franklin lower case type. The word arrangement was duplicated in black print from same type. Each test was also printed in the reverse order which provided a second form. The tests will be known as "Reading color names where the color of the print and the word are different" (RCNd),[3] and "Reading color names printed in black" (RCNb).
